# hello-world  
So we the weekend getting started I ‘ve got many chores to do. Starting in the mornings I usually wake up to say the morning prayers. After that I might check my social media and then going out for a brief workout. Then I eat breakfast and take a shower to continue the day feeling fresh.
I might take a short nap or do some studyings till it’s noon and the time to get lunch which I usually cook myself. Usually I go out to get groceries or needed ingredients for lunch and after setting all the things for lunch I might go to the laundry room in the dormitory to do the laundry. With the laundry gotten done, or lunch would also be ready to eat.
After eating lunch and washing the dishes I might take another nap or I might watch movie or play a videogame. But in the end I make sure that I take the nap till evening.
With the sun being gone, and the sky having gone almost dark I wake up and eat some snack and I might check with friends to go out if possible or to schedule a gathering in the football fields. After spending the night doing favorable fun thing I might as well take the dinner from a restaurant or something at of the dormitory. After that if possible we might keep the night alive driving in the streets or just walking or if we were too tired for that we might just chill in the dorm spending time playing cards, watching movies or even doing crazy stuff!!
After almost everything being done we would go to bed to start the last day of my weekend. Friday is not very much different than Thursday. Just more sleeping and less scheduled things to do and since I’ve got Saturday ahead I might do some readings or other things to take care of college after class chores.
